I just want to do a quick walk around in
my truck just show you some of the
modifications I've done to it it's a
2011 Silverado I've got the taillights
and the brake lights motile got the
don't tread on me license plate I
blacked out all the Chevy emblems left
the chrome outline around them even on
the rims and got the 18-inch aluminum
rims got a completely D badged I got ten
percent ten on the back and about twenty
five on the sides
I removed the plastic side moldings on
the door pieces it made it look a lot
better and remove the running boards I
think it just gave it a cleaner look got
the blacked-out 8000k halo HIDs and on
the inside I put blue LED dome lights in
it and my amps bolted underneath my seat
I've got two 12 I'm sorry - 10 inch
kicker competition subs with a bass
control knob on the dash and then of
course you gotta have you concealed
handgun and yes I do have a permit
I'll let you hear what it sounds like
it's got it's completely straight five
just got ram horn headers three-inch
x-pipe and true dual three-inch pipes
all the way back in front of the back
tire with morning stainless tips
and that was just barely roughing it up
it's it's so loud that I have to be
careful to not make my neighbors loud so
that that was just barely touching just
kind of giving you an idea of what it
sounds like but let me know what you
think I appreciate it